New Reducer ValOp Interface (#1732)
LLNL/RAJA: docs/sphinx/user_guide/feature/reduction.rst

  above. The reduction operation will include the existing value of
  the given target variable.
* The kernel body lambda expression passed to ``RAJA::forall`` must have a
  ``RAJA::expt::ValOp`` parameter corresponding to each ``RAJA::expt::Reduce``
  argument, ``_rs`` and ``_rm`` in the example code. These parameters refer to a
  local target for each reduction operation. Each ``ValOp`` needs to be templated
  on the underlying data type (``double`` for ``_rs`` and ``_rm``), and the operator
  being used. It is important to note that the parameters follow the kernel iteration
  variable, ``i`` in this case, and appear in the same order as the corresponding
  ``RAJA::expt::Reduce`` arguments to ``RAJA::forall``. The parameter types must be

>   references to the types used in the ``RAJA::expt::Reduce`` arguments.

Author: I'll reword this a bit.

          object for ``RAJA::forall``.

.. important:: The local reduction arguments to the lambda expression must be
               ``RAJA::expt::ValOp`` references. Each ``ValOp`` references
               corresponds to a ``RAJA::expt::Reduce`` call within the forall
               arguments. The ``ValOp`` reduction data type and RAJA operator need
               to match the data type referenced and operator template argument
               in the ``RAJA::expt::Reduce`` call. Finally, the ordering of the
               ``ValOp`` references must correspond to the ordering of the
               ``RAJA::expt::Reduce`` calls to ensure that the correct result is
               obtained.

RAJA::expt::ValLoc
..................

As with the current RAJA reduction interface, the new interface supports *loc*
reductions, which provide the ability to get a kernel/loop index at which the
final reduction value was found. With this new interface, *loc* reductions
are performed using ``ValLoc<T,I>`` types, where ``T`` is the underlying data type,
and ``I`` is the index type. Users must use the ``getVal()`` and ``getLoc()``

> methods to access the reduction results.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
methods to access the reduction results after the kernel completes.
```

> In the kernel body lambda expression, a ``ValLoc<T,I>`` must be wrapped in a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A ``ValLoc<T,I>`` must be wrapped in a
```

The first part of that sentence is confusing and clouds the real point of the rest of the sentence.

Author: I think we need to keep the first part of the sentence because there is a difference between the user-declared `ValLoc`, and the `ValLoc` used within the lambda (which needs to be wrapped).

This whole thing is required because of the exposure of the `ValOp<ValLoc<>>` type, and I have an idea to hide this from the user, but we can address this in another issue or PR.

``ValOp``, and passed to the lambda in the same order as the corresponding 
``RAJA::expt::Reduce`` arguments, e.g. ``ValOp<ValLoc<T,I>, Op>``.
For convenience, an alias of ``RAJA::expt::ValLocOp<T,I,Op>`` is provided.
Within the lambda, this ``ValLocOp`` object provides ``minloc``, and ``maxloc``
functions::

  double* a = ...;

>   using VALOPLOC_DOUBLE_MIN = RAJA::expt::ValOp<ValLoc<double, RAJA::Index_type>,

Reviewer: Are these two lines supposed to show two different syntax alternatives for essentially the same thing apart from min and max differences?  If so, then it would be god to point that out in the sentence above so it's clear.

                                                       RAJA::operators::minimum>;
  using VALOPLOC_DOUBLE_MAX = RAJA::expt::ValLocOp<double, RAJA::Index_type,
                                                   RAJA::operators::minimum>;

  using VL_DOUBLE = RAJA::expt::ValLoc<double>;
  VL_DOUBLE rmin_loc;
  VL_DOUBLE rmax_loc;

  RAJA::forall<EXEC_POL> ( Res, Seg,
  RAJA::expt::Reduce<RAJA::operators::minimum>(&rmin_loc),
  RAJA::expt::Reduce<RAJA::operators::maximum>(&rmax_loc),
  [=] (int i, VALOPLOC_DOUBLE_MIN& _rmin_loc, VALOPLOC_DOUBLE_MAX& _rmax_loc) {
    _rmin_loc.minloc(a[i], i);
    _rmax_loc.minloc(a[i], i);
  }
  );

  std::cout << rmin_loc.getVal() ...
  std::cout << rmin_loc.getLoc() ...
  std::cout << rmax_loc.getVal() ...
  std::cout << rmax_loc.getLoc() ...

> Alternatively, *loc* reductions can be performed on separate reduction data, and

Reviewer: I'm confused about what this sentence is referring to. Is it the example above or the one below?

Author: It's referring to the example below, which is the new use case of ``ReduceLoc<>(data, loc)``. I've tried to clarify this a bit; let me know if it's better.

location variables without a ``ValLoc`` object. To use this capability, a

> ``RAJA::expt::ReduceLoc`` call must be passed to the ``RAJA::forall``, templated on

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``RAJA::expt::ReduceLoc`` type must be passed to the ``RAJA::forall``, templated on
```

Author: This is actually a function call which produces the internal type that we use in the lambda. How about showing this as `RAJA::expt::ReduceLoc() call`?

          compatible with the ``EXEC_POL``. ``Seg`` is the iteration space
          object for ``RAJA::forall``.

.. important:: The order of the local reduction variables in the
               kernel body lambda expression must ``RAJA::expt::ValOp`` objects which
               match exactly in the underlying reduction data type, and RAJA
               operator, with the corresponding ``RAJA::expt::Reduce`` arguments

>                to the ``RAJA::forall`` to ensure that the correct result is obtained.

Reviewer 2: reword

RAJA::expt::ValLoc
..................

As with the current RAJA reduction interface, the new interface supports *loc*
reductions, which provide the ability to get a kernel/loop index at which the
final reduction value was found. With this new interface, *loc* reductions
are performed using ``ValLoc<T,I>`` types, where ``T`` is the underlying data type,
and ``I`` is the index type. Users must use the ``getVal()`` and ``getLoc()``
methods to access the reduction results.

In the kernel body lambda expression, a ``ValLoc<T,I>`` must be wrapped in a
``ValOp``, and passed to the lambda in the same order as the corresponding 

> ``RAJA::expt::Reduce`` arguments, e.g. ``ValOp<ValLoc<T,I>, minimum>``.

Reviewer 2: Should this say minimum or Op?

> For convenience, the alias of ``RAJA::expt::ValLocOp<T,I,Op>`` can be used.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
For convenience, an alias of ``RAJA::expt::ValLocOp<T,I,Op>`` can be made.
```

Author: Ok, I've written a macro for the users, so I'll reword it to say that it's provided already by us.

Reviewer 3: oh I see! I missunderstood

Within the lambda, this ``ValLocOp`` object provides ``minloc``, and ``maxloc``
functions::

  double* a = ...;

  using VALOPLOC_DOUBLE_MIN = RAJA::expt::ValOp<ValLoc<double, RAJA::Index_type>,
                                                       RAJA::expt::minimum>;

  using VL_DOUBLE = RAJA::expt::ValLoc<double>;
  VL_DOUBLE rm_loc;

  RAJA::forall<EXEC_POL> ( Res, Seg,
  RAJA::expt::Reduce<RAJA::operators::minimum>(&rm_loc),
  [=] (int i, VALOPLOC_DOUBLE_MIN& _rm_loc) {
    _rm_loc.minloc(a[i], i);
  }
  );

  std::cout << rm_loc.getVal() ...
  std::cout << rm_loc.getLoc() ...

Alternatively, *loc* reductions can be performed on separate reduction data, and
location variables without a ``ValLoc``. The change required is to pass
a ``RAJA::expt::ReduceLoc`` argument to the forall, templated on the reduction
operation, and passing in references to the data and location in that respective
order. The data and location can be accessed outside for the forall directly

> without ``getVal()`` or ``getLoc()`` functions.

Reviewer 2: A little awkward consider reworking this a bit.

:: 

  double* a = ...;

  using VALOPLOC_DOUBLE_MIN = RAJA::expt::ValOp<ValLoc<double, RAJA::Index_type>,

>                                                        RAJA::expt::minimum>;

Reviewer 2: There is a `ValOp<ValLoc<T,I>Op>` example above, how about a `ValLocOp<T,I,Op>` example?

  std::cout << rm_loc.getLoc() ...

Again, the lambda expression parameters are in the same order as
the ``RAJA::expt::Reduce`` arguments to ``RAJA::forall``. The ``ValOp`` underlying
data types and operators, and order of the ``ValOp`` parameters must match 
the corresponding ``RAJA::expt::Reduce`` types to get correct results and to

> compile successfully. Otherwise, a static assertion will be triggered::

Reviewer 2: Do we really have a static assert?

Author: Yes, there is a static assert for this.

  std::cout << rm_loc.getLoc() ...

Again, the lambda expression parameters are in the same order as
the ``RAJA::expt::Reduce`` arguments to ``RAJA::forall``. The ``ValOp`` underlying
data types and operators, and order of the ``ValOp`` parameters must match 
the corresponding ``RAJA::expt::Reduce`` types to get correct results and to
compile successfully. Otherwise, a static assertion will be triggered::

>   LAMBDA Not invocable w/ EXPECTED_ARGS.

Reviewer: `EXPECTED_ARGS`?? Is that clear?

Author: That's searchable and clear for us internally. I can update this in the code to be a little more helpful.

Reviewer: But it's in the user guide....

Author: Yes, I've updated this in both the code and user guide to be more helpful.
